07-06-2020

The project objective and plan was discussed amongst the team it was approved by the whole team.

Everydbody agreed on the roles they have taken up .

Architecture discussion was done a few changes were needed to be done Ashwin is going to make the changes and upload the document in  the
project plan document.

Apurva took the lead in creating the ppt .

the ppt would be made and shared across the team.

It was observed that Apurva and Nripendra are still awaiting for the acess on git.

Sumit will be sending a reminder email to Simon discussing the git acess.



